[Music]
nice new
professor who the hell are you please my
name's russ
rus taylor black budget ops
destabilizing governments protecting
dictators all for profit by the way
i know enough to know i want nothing to
do with the time the phoenix foundation
was infiltrated by
an ex-fbi psycho resulting in it being
defunded and shut down and now your
entire team
is living in a red tape limbo of regret
a bio weapon featuring a next-gen
version of a botulinum toxin was
recently sold on the black market
and as you know just one gram of the
stuff could kill thousands
will you help me stop this
it's got to be mighty well it's what we
need to save have you forgotten the
whole global conspiracy the the burn it
all down
bishop said there were others and they
will not stop
you bought the phoenix yes
a few months ago what you didn't think i
recruited you all just for one mission
how would this even work the same as
before only this time you'll be
privately funded and uh after i pull a
few strings
government sanctioned
this is home he still thinks you work at
a boring think tank how much trouble am
i in for failing to disclose the fact
that you have a live-in boyfriend when
you're right in the middle of getting
your security clearance back
it's how every message ended it's a
visual trigger it reminds them that
they're
they're part of something bigger i found
this photo in documents in the office of
scientific research and development
it's a symbol of the group we've been
looking for right now this is from the
1940s wherever they are they've been
around a lot longer than we first we
have
a name now codex it's riley's boyfriend
it's not like we're infiltrating the
kremlin
we're going on double dates yeah you two
are
dating yes of course we are hello
bathtub give me 10 minutes and i'll have
your 2 million
i'm a hacker
i go by artemis 37 i'm sorry i couldn't
tell you
all those work trips you were taking
down guys like donovan or worse
aubrey ended it
couldn't stay at his place and i didn't
know where else to go i feel like she's
out there
like it's her somehow they call
themselves
codex
file47 what is that
it's the end of the world bomb was just
a few blocks from here someone
is sending a message yeah so you have an
idea who this guy is
mason mace mason the former fbi psycho
that infiltrated phoenix
shut it down all of it hello russ taylor
owner of everything you're trying to
shut down who the hell are you and whose
authority c.i.a
exactly father of the year
we can't change the past we're supposed
to just trust you
no but the same people shooting at you
shooting me and i want to find out why
go you killed the excess agents
oh more than a few gwen
i thought you were alive and kicking
that's her
a month ago in italy looks like you
missed one
welcome i'm anti gwen i have an
ant 47
is a hypothetical plan to initiate a
series of natural disasters
that would plunge the world into chaos
your mother worked for dxs all of this
started with her she had the strength
she knew what had to be done and that's
why they hunted us down
the c.i.a mine was an airplane accident
i barely survived scientists
who are willing to do what needs to be
done
and what is that save the world
someone's got to slow him down i'll set
off the explosion manually
your mother never never wanted any of
this
last thing my father said to me was that
he couldn't stop them
but then i could need you to listen to
something right now 44
8 11 75 11.
you got that son apparently tesla was a
contemporary of
thomas edison and alexander graham bell
oh this this was taken in a dxs
lab these guys were all dxs this is
blowing my mind
i just want to give mack and desi the
space they deserve not sure
but it's capable of producing a powerful
magnetic burst so
it might be a weapon designed to disable
other weapons
i'm gonna send you that lie about
wanting to join codex you lapped it up
of course you were lying sure
why do you refuse to see what is
actually happening here what is that
your compromise
father has indoctrinated you to believe
that you're working for the good guys
it wasn't cancer that took your mom
it was your government i'm gonna try
something but it means risking
everything
everyone i love
[Music]
i'm sorry i used shiva back there to
convince him that i've changed my mind
and once i'm inside codex i figured out
a way to stop her you know without all
the needless to death
i can't find a hole in the logic of file
47 i hate it but
i don't have any other solutions my
mother was right
welcome home angus
this is unbelievable they built a whole
city down here
i want to send 5047 to some friends in
dc
okay that is a terrible place it's
disputable scientific proof
that our planet is dying no no no no no
oh god you know what i think you're
right we're not gonna make a change
you don't have a name we couldn't decide
he believes in me and now
he has to believe in you codex
codex dates back to the 14th century
used to be mother earth could protect
herself
that's not the case anymore
things gotten out of hand ross taylor
his mind and his resources were a
perfect fit for us
but he refused our proposal
i believe you shiba to infiltrate kodak
yes so matt can find out what their
master plan is yeah and we were making a
lot of progress
until you two showed up codex has a nuke
and every minute that you keep your guns
trained on us
it gets closer to going off i trusted
you and you broke me down and you got me
to trust you and let you in
again and again and when things got
tough you pushed me away
so i put us all in jail
it wasn't me
it was leland's call he knew that you
would betray us
i'm gonna have to set it off manually
this is a one-way trip i can do this
the world deserves you
i managed to stop a full-scale nuclear
explosion we still need to sweep the
area for weeks
like leland took the rest of codex into
hiding we destroyed their infrastructure
and their plan
what i mean egghead is i don't want to
talk about it right now
thank you for joining us mr macgyver we
value your opinion
knowing isn't enough we must apply
being willing isn't enough we must do
da vinci said that
you